we would not get drops from Riverdale
Baptist Capital Beltway League champions
how's it feel to get this one great best
when I ran so far where do you think the
turning point came in it I think you
came out of halftime going into third
quarter he was tired and then we went on
the 401 then they went on a little run I
got up at 3:00 and then after got a
three win we went up about six after
that one on a 900 run then after that we
just kept going on a little runs in the
games and we got the win dog dumping the
most live game ever played yeah all of
our all my games that present day then
we played them they all been pretty live
like a lot of people but this one is
definitely mode but I play it play it
play for it okay the last question for
you you know when you look back when
this year you're going to championship
here how do you feel about the whole
movie
I feel like it was a broken woman I
think coming to coming here playing
Marilyn it was a lot better conversation
I'm used to playing against I feel like
I still help my own and we ended up
getting temperature Thanks here with
coach Lee Wilson capping a Beltway
League champion Riverdale bathroom to
say yeah baby coach how's it feel to you
know get this one in your first need it
feels great to get the first victory in
the inaugural Capital Beltway Athletic
Association I mean it's been a tug of
war all season long between the three
Titans of Nashville Christian Academy a
Princeton day and Riverdale Baptist and
also we've had a friendship collegiate
and also Cesar Chavez who's put up
challenges I have to challenge this so
it's been a great great first year the
Beltway League and we're looking forward
to the competition for here on out